---
layout:     post
title:      "AchoPijo Labs gets ready for 2017"
date:       2016-12-30 12:00:00
author:     "juanlubarreda"
header-img: "/img/posts/01.jpg"
categories: General
---

<h2 class="section-heading">No resolutions, just objectives</h2>

<p>This new year we have no resolutions because resolutions are almost always discarted. We have the objective of
building our first project with a business plan, our first idea that can be commercialized.</p>

<p>Our next project (School Core) is in our heads and this year is going to be developed and turned into reality. That's the objective for AchoPijo Labs for 2017.</p>

<p>A web application for our clients, a mobile app for their customers and all the backend (api rest, databases, servers...) is going to be build. The technologies... probably microsoft stack because our background is mostly .NET but we are curious about MEAN stack or some solution with both (.NET backend and angular frontend). The security of using what you already know or betting for Angular or even React.</p>

<h2 class="section-heading">Digital Architects</h2>
<p>We have the opportunity of learning new technologies and bring to life our ideas. We are digital architects, we don't need bricks nor concrete, we just need a laptop and imagination, passion and motivation for our work.</p>

<p>If you are a developer, there are no barriers, just your imagination .</p>

<blockquote>The dreams of yesterday are the hopes of today and the reality of tomorrow. Science has not yet mastered prophecy. We predict too much for the next year and yet far too little for the next ten.</blockquote>